> [!IMPORTANT]
> Please make sure to review the [Disclaimer](#disclaimer) section at the end of this document for important information about the use of this repository.

# Welcome to my programming notes!

This repository is a personal project designed to track my learning journey in CS and programming. I found that relying on paper notebooks and browser bookmarks for keeping references to learning resources was not very effective. I also wanted to maintain a version history for my resources. So, I decided to use Git and Markdown for this purpose.

This repository provides ready-made templates for note-taking in Markdown documents, keeping URLs to multimedia resources, and tracking conversations.

I frequently use ChatGPT to explore programming patterns, database architectures, the inner workings of the GCC compiler, and more. However, I can be forgetful, and managing multiple ChatGPT tabs can become cumbersome. So, I decided to document those conversations as notes as well.

That’s why I’ve created [study-tracker repo](https://github.com/thureindev/study-tracker) to create templates to track conversations with AI using this repository. It’s an excellent way to keep your questions and answers organized and make the most out of your AI interactions.

Feel free to explore and adapt these resources to suit your own learning needs!

> [!IMPORTANT]
> While AI is super advanced, it’s not infallible.
> AI is a tool to assist you, not a substitute for human judgment.
> Always use your own logical thinking and brainstorming skills alongside AI’s help. 

***Happy learning!***

---
# Disclaimer
> [!CAUTION]
>  This repository provides templates and examples for using AI chatbots to learn about various topics, record conversations with AI chatbots, and promote the use of AI as an educational tool. However, the information generated by AI is intended for educational purposes only. AI tools are not infallible and should not be solely relied upon for decision-making. Users should apply their own critical thinking and judgment when interpreting and using AI-generated content. The creator of this repository disclaims any responsibility for errors or inaccuracies in the AI-generated information and for any consequences that may arise from its use. Always verify information with reliable sources and seek professional advice when necessary.
---
